nothing else
today I bring you a new video and in this
occasion a trick for gta 5 is not a
trick in which you have a lot of money but
If you are this with nothing you can be
help to do it you will have to come to
this site
this map location already treat these
a trick as I said before is
pretty simple
to is dissolved first attack is the
first shot of this store and you take the
final will collect 2000 or 3000 dollars for
per store
and you can do the trick the times that
you want
but that selects a store by
unleash the same step
so let's go
if I see that the video that I'm uploading
is supported will continue with more gta tricks
so you already know a like if you want more
well we attack this one too
that is not political matter they are
quite heavy but
normally normal
if you are going to take it alone
do not kill
and finally
up here is this store
Y
the last step is bullshit what is
the money
and then what you have to do is
both in the case of xbox the key that
Sea and enter is a store
of gta
you enter
and when they appear they will have you again
you have them for a power to attack again
and that's all
a trick is quite simple and quite
Quick
subscribe if you want more videos like
this and support the video if you liked
until next time
hours
write, give it to the ico and comment if you
liked the xd xd hahaha